PASTA Summary

PASTAsummary creates, for each contact, summary reports of PASTA data
and metadata downloads, using the audit web services in PASTA.

CUSTOMIZATION
PASTA audit reports require authentication. 

You must edit the program to uncomment:
#Uncomment these to set up an authentication string stored in userData
#  Note that you can then save the string for future use. 
#uName='uid=VCR,o=LTER,dc=ecoinformatics,dc=org'
#pWord=''
#userData="Basic " + (uName + ":" + pWord).encode("base64").rstrip()
#print(userData)

On subsequent runs, you may wish to save the userData string, allowing the username and password to be removed from the program code as in:

userData="Basic aBcDeF....=" where aBcDeF are from the userData string
generated above.

You also need to specify where to find the .xsl file used for
tranforming the raw XML output into .html for display. As in:

styleSheetNameHTML='/home/jhp7e/src/python/PASTAsummary2.xsl'

This stylesheet can be edited to produce customized HTML. 

Finally, you need to customize the mail command to work with your
system. As in:

emailCmd='/bin/mailx -s "PASTA Download Report"  '

Note: emailing is only one of the output options. If you don't use it,
you don't need to set this.

SYNTAX

usage: ./PASTAsummary.py [options] PASTAscope

Produce reports on data usage for specified scope by contact

positional arguments:
  PASTAscope            PASTA scope for report e.g. knb-lter-vcr

optional arguments:
  -h, --help            show this help message and exit
  --identifier IDENTIFIER, -i IDENTIFIER
                        PASTA identifier
  --revision REVISION, -r REVISION
                        PASTA revision
  --fromdate PASTAFROMTIME, -f PASTAFROMTIME
                        e.g., 2013-12-30, or 2013-11-18T13:05:00
  --todate PASTATOTIME, -t PASTATOTIME
                        e.g., 2013-11-18T13:05:00
  --outputtype {html,xml}, -o {html,xml}
  --create {list,directory,email}, -c {list,directory,email}
  --createdir CREATEDIR, -d CREATEDIR
                        name of directory in which to store results if
                        --create=directory is chosen
  --maillist MAILLIST, -m MAILLIST
                        specify file to read email addresses (one per line) to
                        be used for sending reports
  --genmaillist GENMAILLIST, -g GENMAILLIST
                        generate a mailing list from contacts, specify file
                        where contact email addresses will be stored. No other
                        outputs will be produced.
  --quiet, -q           suppress messages during processing


Basic use of PASTAsummary

PASTAsummary.py knb-lter-nwk 

Generates a list to standard output of individual reports in a .html
format for all packages in the knb-lter-nwk scope in the last 31 days.

PASTAsummary.py --identifier 2 knb-lter-nwk

Generates a list to standard output of individual reports in a .html
format for all packages in the knb-lter-nwk.2 scope in the last 31
days.

PASTAsummary.py --identifier 2 --revision 1 knb-lter-nwk

Generates a list to standard output of individual reports in a .html
format for the knb-lter-nwk/2/1 package. 

DATE CONTROL
 
PASTAsummary.py --fromdate '2013-10-01' --todate '2013-11-01' knb-lter-nwk 

Generates a list to standard output of individual reports in a .html
format for all packages in the knb-lter-nwk scope from October 1, 2013
through November 1, 2013. ISO8601 time codes in the form
2013-10-01T13:51:30 can also be used.

OUTPUT CONTROL

PASTAsummary.py -outputtype html knb-lter-nwk 

Generates HTML summaries for each contact in the the specified scope
and writes it to standard output. This is the default.

PASTAsummary.py -outputtype xml knb-lter-nwk 

Generates an overall XML summary file for the specified scope and
writes it to standard output. This is the file that is transformed to
produce all other outputs.

PASTAsummary.py --create email knb-lter-nwk 

Generates individualized HTML summaries for each contact in the the
specified scope and sends it via email to each contact listed in the
metadata files.

PASTAsummary.py --create directory knb-lter-nwk 

Generates individualized HTML summaries for each contact in the the
specified scope and creates a directory called PASTAReportYYYYMMDDHHmm
where YYYY is the current year, MM the current month number, DD the
current day number, HH the current hour and mm the current minute. The
directory will contain separate files in the form user_at_domain.edu
for each of the contacts. A different output directory may be
specified using the --createdir option as in:

PASTAsummary.py --create directory --createdir mydir knb-lter-nwk 

which stores the output into the mydir directory. 

EMAIL LISTS

By default PASTAsummary.py automatically generates emails for each
contact listed in any of the datasets within the scope specified when
the --create email option is specified. However, a list of specific email addresses to be used may be specified. 

PASTAsummary.py --create email --maillist mylist.txt knb-lter-nwk 

Generates emails only to the addresses listed (one per line) in the
mylist.txt file.

If you wish to create a file of email addresses that are extracted from the metadata documents, for editing prior to using it with the --maillist option you can use: 

PASTAsummary.py --genmaillist myoutlist.txt knb-lter-nwk 

which generates the file myoutlist.txt containing all the contacts
listed for documents in the specified scope. This file may be edited
with a text editor to remove users who do not want to receive reports
and then used with the --maillist option to create customized
mailings. No other outputs are generated by this option.












